Hi, everyone.
So let's begin with DP with bird masking, right?
So it is actually just normal dynamic programming, but the special thing is that we will use bit mask
just for the sake of memorization.
So it will speed up things and that's why it's termed as deep with bird masking.
So generally what happens is when there are some problems whose brute force solution requires or is
a n factorial solution, let's if a brute force solution is an factorial generally, then we can apply
DP with bit mask, right?
So let's understand what is high Hamiltonian part and then we can move ahead with this solution, right?
So initially, you know, I won't directly jump to the pivot bit, but initially we'll see.
The brute force will go into brute force.
Then we move on to DP.
Right, so Hamiltonian path, this is about in the direct undirected graph that results each vertex
exactly once.
So this is important.
We can't visit any vertex trace.
Right.
And the problem to check with the problem to check whether a graph, whether it's are detected or undirected
contains the Hamiltonian path is an empty and b complete problem, which we all know rather than be
complete.
So so is the problem of finding all the Hamiltonian parts in a graph, right?
So there can be various Hamiltonian bonds in the graph.
But right now what we will do is we'll just we just want to find out whether.
Hamiltonian paths exist.
Hamiltonian, but.
Exist in this graph.
Right.
So this is the problem.
So how to check whether Hamiltonian paths will exist in the graph?
So what is a Hamiltonian by, first of all?
So we'll start from and you one word axes.
Then we will see simply traverse the graph and check whether a part exists in this graph.
Right.
So, for example, if I start from zero, then I can go to one.
I can go to three and I can go to two.
This is in Hamiltonian path because I visited 01113 once, two once, and I have visited all the nodes
in my graph.
Right.
So which visits each vertex?
Exactly.
And so this is the important part.
The second one can be 0 to 1 to 2 to 3.
Other ones can be two, two, three, two, one, two, zero and 32221208.
So can you figure out any other Hamiltonian path?
So will there be a bar that starts from one?
So if I go from one, I go to two, I go to three that I can not go to zero from three, because otherwise
I have to traverse one again.
I cannot reverse one one again because I have to land on each one of them exactly once.
Correct.
So we can see that there are four Hamiltonian paths which exist in this graph.
But how many parts are possible?
For example, let's just say that how many parts can be possible in this, right?
So we can see there can be four factorial parts in this because this is a graph of four.
Right.
So four factorial is how much?
24.
Correct.
So out of 24 parts, we had only four parts that were possible that are Hamiltonian parts.
Right.
So what will be the brute force solution of this particular problem?
If I want you to, let's see if I ask you to call it a brute force solution of this and how will you
call it of what we recorded?
So the brute force audition will be very simple.
What we will do is will.
It will be basically backtracking.
Right.
And if not backtracking, then we can also apply a brute force solution by using factories.
So let's discuss both.
So in backtracking, what will happen?
I would start from a node and we can start from any node and we will start from every node because as
we saw that there is no Hamiltonian path possible from one, right.
So that's why for any graph, if I am trying to find a Hamiltonian, but there's a normal backtracking
solution.
Just keep on going in the DFS and just keep the visited.
Let's say if it is visitor, then market visitor, then move on.
And finally, let's just, you know, never visit any element trace and finally figure out whether all
of the vertices are used in the graph or not.
Right.
So I'm not quoting the backtracking solution, which is very, very, very, very easy.
So I will leave it to you to call it.
But I will I will miserably call the factorial solution.
So what is the factorial solution?
So what we do is we have this for the numbers.
One, two, three, four, eight.
And what we can do is we can try all factorial.
Bump permutations, basically.
Right.
So we can try all permutations of this, which is sorry, 301230231 and so on.
There will be 24 such permutations.
Such a.
Different combinations, right?
And after that, what we can do is when we when we have found one particular combination, we can simply
try to iterate over the graph.
If I start from zero, I go to one, I go to do I go to three?
That means we don't have to keep this check.
Now, that is if an element is visited twice or not, because we see that in fact, no particular vertex
will be visited twice.
And secondly, yeah.
Secondly, what we can do is we can just, you know, simply keep a check of.
We just have to keep a check that whether the conjugative elements for example in this spot 0123, whether
0 to 1 is connected or not, 1 to 3 is connected or not 1 to 2 and 2 to 3 is connected or not.
Right.
For that, we can just keep the edges in the list and quickly check it.
So I hope this is very possible.
Right?
I hope this is very understandable.
And you all must have understood this brute force solution.
For all Victorians, just try that.
But just try reversing that by then.
Check whether edges between these two exist or not.
If it's possible, that means there was a particular.
There was this graph in which I was able to visit it.
Right.
So there's a Hamiltonian path that we have found.
So in the next we will quickly code it.
And after that, we'll try a third brute force solution, which is a recursive approach.
Right.
Which should be very similar to the backtracking.
But in that we will just keep that which node is visited and which naught is not and which is left and
other things.
Cool.
So see in the next part and.